# Style Guide for {{ project.name }}

|             |                                             |
| ------------| ------------------------------------------- |
| Title:      | Style Guide for {{ project.name }}          |
| Author(s):  | {{ project.authors }}                       |
| Status:     | Active                                      |
| Type:       | Process                                     |
| Created:    | 3-Nov-2019                                  |
| Updated:    | 3-Nov-2019                                  |

## Introduction

This document gives coding conventions for the {{ project.name }}
code comprising the project core as well as all official interfaces, extensions, and plugins for the framework.
Optionally, projects that use {{ project.name }} are encouraged to follow this documentation and link to it as a reference.

## PEP 8 Foundation

All guidelines in this document are in addition to those defined in Python's [PEP 8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) and [PEP 257](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0257/) guidelines.

## Line Length

Too short of lines discourage descriptive variable names where they otherwise make sense.
Too long of lines reduce overall readability and make it hard to compare 2 files side by side.
There is no perfect number: but for {{ project.name }}, we've decided to cap the lines at {{ project.max_line_width }} characters.
We use a .editorconfig file to define this.

## Descriptive Variable names

Naming things is hard.
{{ project.name }} has a few strict guidelines on the usage of variable names, which hopefully will reduce some of the guesswork:

- No one character variable names.
  - Except for x, y, and z as coordinates.
- Avoid overriding built-in functions.
- Avoid Acronyms, Abbreviations, or any other short forms - unless they are almost universally understand.

## Automated Code Cleaners

All code submitted to {{ project.name }} should be formatted using Black and isort.
Black should be run with the line length set to 120, and isort with Black compatible settings in place.

## Automated Code Linting

All code submitted to hug should run through the following tools:

- Black and isort verification.
- Flake8,
- flake8-bugbear, and
- pep8-naming.
